Import 30 blogposts (#149)
openebs/website: website/src/blogs/2018-01-22-how-to-install-openebs-on-openshift.md

# reopened with the relevant failures.
#
allowHostDirVolumePlugin: true
allowHostIPC: false
allowHostNetwork: false
allowHostPID: false
allowHostPorts: false
allowPrivilegedContainer: false
allowedCapabilities: []
allowedFlexVolumes: []
apiVersion: v1
defaultAddCapabilities: []
fsGroup:
type: MustRunAs
groups:
— system:authenticated
kind: SecurityContextConstraints
metadata:
annotations:
kubernetes.io/description: restricted denies access to all host features and requires
pods to be run with a UID, and SELinux context that are allocated to the namespace. This
is the most restrictive SCC and it is used by default for authenticated users.
creationTimestamp: 2018–01–20T19:39:18Z
name: restricted
resourceVersion: “68274”
selfLink: /api/v1/securitycontextconstraints/restricted
uid: 9abddec5-fe19–11e7–8d06–005056873c08
priority: null
readOnlyRootFilesystem: false
requiredDropCapabilities:
— KILL
— MKNOD
— SETUID
— SETGID
runAsUser:
type: MustRunAsRange
seLinuxContext:
type: MustRunAs
supplementalGroups:
type: RunAsAny
users: []
volumes:
— configMap
— downwardAPI
— emptyDir
— hostPath
— persistentVolumeClaim
— projected
— secret
```

Save changes.

### Install OpenEBS on Origin

> There are few easy ways to install OpenEBS. You can either apply the operator and storageclasses direct from the URL or clone the repo and execute from the local copy. I prefer to clone a local copy, but i’ll also give you the other option if you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are few easy ways to install OpenEBS. You can either apply the operator and storage classes direct from the URL or clone the repo and execute from the local copy. I prefer to clone a local copy, but I’ll also give you the other option if you prefer.
```

```

After few easy steps we are now ready to deploy workloads on persistent storage provided by OpenEBS. I’ll cover both CLI and Catalog installation through the OpenShift Web Console.

### Install Percona on OpenEBS using OC CLI

Use OpenEBS as persistent storage for a Percona DB deployment by selecting the `openebs-percona` storage class in the persistent volume claim. I will use the sample file available in the openebs repo which I cloned locally in the previous steps.

View the Percona deployment yaml:

```
# cd openebs/k8s/demo/percona
# cat demo-percona-mysql-pvc.yaml
— -
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
name: percona
labels:
name: percona
spec:
containers:
— resources:
limits:
cpu: 0.5
name: percona
image: percona
args:
— “ — ignore-db-dir”
— “lost+found”
env:
— name: MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD
value: k8sDem0
ports:
— containerPort: 3306
name: percona
volumeMounts:
— mountPath: /var/lib/mysql
name: demo-vol1
volumes:
— name: demo-vol1
persistentVolumeClaim:
claimName: demo-vol1-claim
— -
kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
name: demo-vol1-claim
spec:
storageClassName: openebs-percona
accessModes:
— ReadWriteOnce
resources:
requests:
storage: 5G
```

> As you can see in the yaml file above, `storageClassName` is set to `openebs-percona` which has 2 replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in the YAML file above, `storageClassName` is set to `openebs-percona` which has 2 replicas.
```
